# Weekly HaaS meeting

## Priorities:
* Setting up PRB cluster for BMI team to use
* Releasing v0.2

## Other stuff
* Jason the PR wrangler for this week
* Engage1 blocked on Brocade helping with driver.
 * Jason send email to Piyanai
 * Juniper switches also present, though we're not sure if we need to support.

## List of things to do for getting BMI/PRB cluster working
* Need additional power (Jason & Ravi)
* BMI needs to implement an alternative to ceph (like LVM, xfs, ZFS, etc) (Ravi)
* Incorporating IPMI v1.5 (Kyle)
* Expose Apache/haas server to private local network (Sahil & Jason)
* Create a separate VM for PRB haas users. (Sahil & Jason)
* Set up BMI headnode (Ravi & Jason & Sahil)
* FreeIPA server (Jason & Rado & Laura)

Check trello to see what's being worked on from this list.
* We'll do a racking & stacking party next week.
 * Laura looking into additional rails
 * Jason to send email about plugging in HW
 * Setting up FreeIPA will be done with Jason, Rado and Laura on Wed.


# Additional discussions

* Headnode discussion. BMI depends on expanded headnode functionality.
 * Set for: **Thursday, 3/21 @ 1pm in MOC teamroom.**

- Hacking vs Install rst/TLDR version

# Kyle's priorities for this week:

* Finish updating Pull Request tracking list (done)
* Talk to Ian about coming up with a top 10 or 15 issues that need to be worked on. Mark them with milestones so they're easy to find in github.
* Supporting IPMI v1.5 (for BMI)
* Network ACLs/auth type error issues

