# Working Groups for:

## Fix Documentation ramp up


## Web Site improvements    
[shared doc to contribute to](https://etherpad.openstack.org/p/moc-website-feedback)
* fix org chart for projects
* who to ask about what with pictures

### Another website demo
[website](http://128.31.22.179/)

## Collaboration Tools

## Fix multiple slack channels

## Phd concerns (captured a bunch of them, separate discussion )

## Define critical priorities for all teams, make visible

## How do teams self organize

## Publicize internal Phd deadlines

## Perhaps more frequent (semesterly) conferences

## Office Space 

## Audit/Disabling accounts and releasing resources for people who had left: