Ian: Has been working on getting a HaaS demo for Monday. Lately it's been more ops than dev. Goal will be to get a VM on the haas master to PXE boot bare metal.

Zhaoling: Coding up haas stuff

Jon Bell: Working on getting a plugin into horizon. Has been consulting various resources (mailing lists, filing bugs). Turns out there are bugs in some of the new horizon stuff.

Jason: New FUEL cluster locally. Looking at research papers for new discussion group starting next week.

Logan: getting devstack up and running

Shiran: Testing multiple novas by getting 2 devstack instances running simultaneously and .

Orran: We have 2 presentations accepted for the Openstack Summit in Atlanta. A higher level one and a technical one. Contract with state of Mass is under negotiation and should be finalized at some point. Goal is to have an official announcement before openstack summit in May. Brent from redhat will be joining us next Thursday.

Peter: Working on project planning with Orran.
