Generic Discussion on Operations and Security:
* Have Security practices by Ian and Jason.
* Need to have a RedHat satellite account.
* Have a long term RHEL license 
* Have a Fuel cluster at MGHPCC.
* Protection of the MGHPCC equipment. //can we wipe the machines there and create new config
* Using keys to login to switch. - proposed 
* Get more hardware from Dan - Done


Zhaoling:
* working on new api’s , documenting
* now more familiar with original code, 
* documenting on how to map to REST - Ian. 

Daniel:
* Annoucement : moving to work with a startup
* Conf call with oak ridge folks for SGI hardware.
* SGI hardware might go to OakRidge as per discussion with OakRidge folks - Dan.

Jon:
* Working on UI Interface on Horizon , presently hardcoding the variables, looking at better way to do this.
* Presently incompatibility with Django template. Working on Integrating with Horizon’s template.

Abhishek:
* Working on aggregating stuff for OpenStack resources. 
* Researching on code profiling tools and other options of debugging openstack source code.
* Architecture discussions with Jason.

Jason:
* Working on MOC architecture.
* Discussion with Ian on Operations and Security stuff which have been detailed in that section.

Ian:
* Gave demo of HaaS TO CHRIS , want to set up in MGHPCC so as to experiment stuff there.
* Shoot for new API by next week . Merge stuff into Dev , still needs more perspective .
* Discussion on changing existing haas original code vs write fresh code.
* Ran some updates on MOC1.
* Proposed to have a dedicated bug filing software.
* Getting new people involved like Rohan , Ritesh

Rohan:
* Looking into small enhancements in HaaS as per bug assigned to him.
* Has a good idea of HaaS and understanding where Checkpoint functionality would integrate in existing layer.
* Spoke about KVM and its API , no need to modify the kernel to integrate the CheckPoint.

Ritesh:
* Starting off this week , working with Ian on HaaS.


