The new format will be that we'll talk about what we were supposed to do, what we did and what we're going to do.

Jon Bell: working on UI. Proposed implementing HaaS in django so we can keep a consistent interface to horizon. MRI openstack cluster caused some loss of time

Dan K: MRI cluster has some issues. Dan turned the firewall off on certain machines to try to diagnose the problem. Foreman has been tough to work with. With SGI hardware coming, we'll have to decide how we want to move forward. Dan, Jason and Orran will discuss offline.

Will create a bug for using certificates to authenticate to the Dell IPMI instead of passwords.

Zhaoling: Working on REST API, but is blocked because the HaaS is being extensively overhauled. Ian mentioned that we should come to a quick consensus with which tools to use for ORM and how to process the REST API.

Rohan: Has been out of town for a bit, planning to resume. Orran suggested integrating checkpointing with HaaS to do physical node transitions when needed. Future design discussion will take place offline.

Ian: implementing new API and writing overview docs for HaaS developers. 

Abhishek: Hit some networking problems connecting to a VM on the MRI cluster. The problem resolved itself without intervention. Working with Vikram to look at business aspects. Working on UI.

Jason: Starting new cloud reading group. Submitting keystone patch.

Shiran: Working with Logan on multi-Nova 

Other announcements:
* Drawers

Deliverables:
* HaaS can deploy openstack to a headnode (Ian)
* Get IPMI tool working with HaaS (Dan)
* Getting UI changes in (Jon, Abhishek, Jason)
* Multi-nova (Shiran & Logan, Jason)

Other ongoing items:
* patches into keystone (Jason)

Discussions happening afterwards:
* UI changes (Jason & Jon)
* Future hardware direction (Orran, Dan, Jason)

(3 more chairs needed in MOC office: PRB3 451)
