PR Wrangler: Kristi

- We're having issues where PRs are included commits from the destination/master branch. Jason sent email about re-making pull requests when commits show up in both the source and destination branches.
For example [this PR](https://github.com/CCI-MOC/haas/pull/569) contains 112 commits. If one then looks at [this one](https://github.com/CCI-MOC/haas/compare/master...ron-unrau:list-switch) it currently shows 13 commits.

- Sahil, Kyle and Kristi want to use readthedocs.org for our documentation.
  -The team would like to convert all of the documentation to Markdown instead of rst, since it's easier to read/parse. Jason discovered that if we convert Readme.rst to Readme.md, we need an additional converter for the install process.

- There's been some discussion on the oldest Issue, https://github.com/CCI-MOC/haas/issues/39.

- For console: current bug is that /var/run/haas_console_logs is not being created and made writable by "haas_user". Jason sent out email on this and filed [an issue on github](https://github.com/CCI-MOC/haas/issues/593). Sahil will make a PR for this.

- Need a way of dividing up the dev haas resources. Everyone should be running their own haas dev server on top of the development haas master (moc-haas-master.bu.edu), ie - using "haas serve" and not under apache/wsgi. Discussed text file vs wiki for nodes and VLANs.
	- We're going to use an MOC wiki page to divide resources. Protocol will be to reserve it on the wiki and commit first, then use it.
	- Jason will update with details

- Kyle's network ACL's PR (#554) is ready for review. Reviewers are George + (Ian or Jason)

- Sahil's client library PR is going to be closed, and he is going to start submitting the client library in shorter chunks. This week will just be query calls.

- Need additional discussion for VPN solution regarding first implementation (VMs vs processes).
  - Ron and Orran will come up with a couple of times and send them out.

- Naming contest: need to solidify on a new name soon. Jason will send polls this week.

- Jason is working on fixing the args verification problem.

- We are looking forward Kristi's work (hopefully ready by mid next week) to integrate apache into our continuous integration, which should prevent problems like the above from reappearing.

