* Orran met with Dell, who seemed excited about the project but have not yet committed.
* Orran, Jason & Peter met with Juniper, who committed equipment and may help in getting Verizon as a partner with the potential to directly VPN their clients.

### Production deployment in MGHPCC
Redhat sent Jon this past week from Minneapolis. They are trying to help us deploy using their Foreman instead of FUEL.

Dan: A variety of problems due to lack of maturity in Foreman and its supporting scripts.
For example, we use tagged VLANs (which require dots, like eth1.100), and Foreman does not handle dots.


Orran: Chris Hill and he agreed that we should get good at using machines temporarily (like for a week), which will cause us to improve our automation tools. The first iteration of this will start next week.

### Individual status

Dan: We have our first customer (Michael, a CS undergrad who is working with MOC Jon) using the BU-based cluster. Michael had questions on how to provide metadata (like ssh public keys for access) to VMs. The BU deployment seems to be working well.

Gene & Rohan: ramping up soon. Rohan will be away for February.

Zhaoling:
Orran: Partial code review yesterday of the HAS tool. Some helpful feedback (such as IPMI networks, VLAN tagging, etc).
Codereview will continue tomorrow (Friday).

Jon: Working on fixing networking stuff on deathstar.

Sharon: Getting Savanah (Cloud Hadoop environment) running on top of Fuel on the test cluster in BU.

Abhishek: working with Jason on Service Directory and setting up development private clouds on our private systems.

Jason: Meetings, code reviews, Service Dir, reading papers on cluster scheduling, beginning work on an MOC technical paper.

Peter: Meetings, working on a proposal

Orran: Harvard has agreed to partner with us and has extensive Openstack operations and glustre experience.

We need to work on some movies as demo's for the Feb 10 presentation. 

1. Use some of the state's open data in a hadoop environment with some visualization.
 1. Shiron & Jason will work.
1. Use the HaaS to allocate machines. 
1. Show a UI of using/seeing multiple service providers. Jason, Abhishek and Joh.

Orran concluded by showing a demo of the Feb 10 presentation