Generic Updates

* Canonical may be getting more involved. They are big into cloud stuff
* Dell research may also get more involved.
* Contract negotiations continue. Hopefully we can get an official announcement before the openstack summit.
* Project planning for staging our capacity.

Ian:
* Restructuring the HaaS API, and handed it off to Zhaoling.
* Putting together a standard image to be the network management VM

Peter:
* Project planning: Looking through the schedule and helping it to make sense.
* Discussing with Abhishek of the different parts of openstack talk

Jason:
* Working on architecture document and plan.

Jon:
* Has a demo of a marketplace UI within Horizon.

Logan:
* Working on connecting keystone and devstack talking over the network

Zhaoling:
* Looking into python design patterns that might help

Abhishek:
* Looking at MOC architecture.
* Learning about call profilers.
* Figuring out openstack stuff
 