Highlights for this week:

Sprint goes July 11-25

* Ran through the tasks

* Ron and Jethro have been making progress on OpenVPN. Should be here soon

* Ron and Jethro should hopefully present the architecture for the VPN solution to the group during this sprint. Ron and Orran discussed.

* Jethro - Jason will help debugging auth test for fixing #474

* Kyle's network ACL PR (CCI-MOC/hil#554) is blocking Jethro's check\_port (CCI-MOC/hil#625). Will check with Kyle and see if we can move forward.
  * #623 may address some issues in CCI-MOC/hil#554 as well, and be needed prior.

* At some point we need to rename HaaS to HIL, which will cause a bunch of conflicts.
  * Jason thinks it would be best to pick a time and announce it so that folks can drain the backlogs, as the rename will cause everyone merge conflicts.
  * Peter thinks this is something we can push off.

* Jason needs to give Ian feedback on keystone


